Pre-Requisites :
1. Install python
2. Vscode community editor
3. pygame (pip install pygame )
4. from pygame.locals import * : this will import all the certain global     variables 
5. time (import time)
6. random(import random) : to move apple randomly where in the code 25(24) comes from 1000/40 
                            and 20 (19)comes from 800/40    


About Pygame module:

0. pygame.init()
    Initialises the whole module

1. pygame.display.set_mode(HorizontalPixel, VerticalPixel)
    It initialises a window or display the screen(game screen).
    Initialize a window or screen for display(in pixel) or background screen

2. .fill((r,g,b)) 
    Fills the color in red green blue ranges from 0 to 255.

3. .pygame.display.flip()
    After changing the color we have to use this method to update the color or screen.  

4. Event Loop :
    Event loop is something that is waiting for user input or action
    Here it is for to runt the game for infinite time and when user enters ESC or
    cancel then the game will close.

5. pygame.event.get()
    It will get all the actions or events like mouse clicks or entering buttons 
    done by the user.

6. event.type == KEYDOWN
    It is the event type named KEYDOWN(global variable) imported from pygame.locals

7. pygame.image.load("path of the image").convert()
    It will loads the image in the screen and .convert here is the method

8. surface.blit(block,(100,100))
    It draws the image where 
    block is what to draw (block,()) and where to draw (  ,(HorizontalPixel,VerticalPixel))

9. def draw_block () :
    whenever it is called it draws a block

10. def draw_block() : 
    surface.fill((110,110,5)) 
    Here , when the block moves the spaces left behind will get filled with the same
    color of the background.(clearing the screen)

11. parent_screen is surface.

12. move_left 
    The snake will move left and so on for all the directions

13. Making it in terms of OOPs concept.

14. Self.snake.walk 
    runs the snake automatically without any user action

15. pygame.font.Sysfont("font",size) : has module for writing the score or message

16. pygame.mixer :  for loading and playing sounds

17. For convert this python file to exe :-
    we use - pip install auto-py-to-exe
    then we have to run this command in terminal (auto-py-to-exe.exe)
    then an interface will load , where we specify the file we want to convert into exe
    for single exe file we use one file. In additional file we add resources folder other wise it will not run
    then convert py. to exe. this will generate the whole binary code of the python file. Then open output 
    folder.to see where the file is.